Because the company Li Guogong left
You can't do this to me!
I understand I understand
The villain wants to say nothing
Make Mr. Angry
Please punish this book, it's not a big deal.
But I told you to be there in five minutes
You were a minute late
If the interview is not conducted
Violating temple rules
But it depends on your efforts.
After working for the company for so many years
Just when you are the president of Star
Go home and think about it
Mr. Xie is very kind
Oye
This contract and the endorsements of those big names
It's all arranged by you
I said it was a gift for you.
Xiao Wuji
You're really going too far.
What's the matter, didn't you say
Are you looking for a man who will take you to the clouds?
These contracts can help you reach the top of the entertainment industry
You know, being a star
Collecting thousands of pets is my lifelong dream
So I tried my best to pursue him
But I didn't expect it.
This contract
Not through my own efforts
It's all your arrangement
Xiao Wuji
You don't understand me at all, it's really too much
Anyway.
Thank you for everything today.
But you and Mu Yan are really not suitable
Even if you earn a lot of power
speechless
What do I do?
You will satisfy me